HI.
SIX DOLLARS, PLEASE.
I JUST HAD IT
FOR ONE NIGHT.
IT'S THREE.
8:00's THE CUTOFF
AND... OH, IT'S 8:02.
YOU KNOW, IN A WEIRD WAY,
YOU HAVE TOO MUCH POWER.
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO HELP ME OUT HERE.
I ONLY HAVE THREE.
I CAN HELP WITH THAT.
OH, MY GOD.
RICHARD?
HI.
WOW, YOUR LIP
WENT BALD.
HEY, THANKS.
SO... YOU LOOK GREAT.
YEAH, RIGHT.
NO, YOU DO.
YOU... YOU JUST...
WHAT?
YOU'VE GOT PANTIES
STUCK TO YOUR LEG.
THAT'S BECAUSE I WAS JUST
GRABBING SOME THINGS
OUT OF THE DRYER,
AND STATIC CLING.
OR MAYBE IT'S JUST
'CAUSE GOD KNEW
I'D BE RUNNING INTO YOU
AND SAW AN OPPORTUNITY.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU, TOO.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
THAT GUY'S IN CLASSICS
BUT YOU KNOW AS
SOON AS WE LEAVE
HE'S GOING STRAIGHT
TO THE PORN.
HE'S GOING TO GO UP
TO THE COUNTER
WITH CITIZEN KANE, VERTIGO
AND CLOCKWORK ORGY.
THIS IS NICE.
YEAH.
I MISS THIS.
ME, TOO.
SO YOU WANT TO GET
A HAMBURGER OR SOMETHING?
OH, I DON'T KNOW
IF THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
LOOK, JUST FRIENDS.
I WON'T GROPE YOU,
I PROMISE.
NO, I THINK IT'S TOO SOON.
NO, IT'S NOT TOO SOON.
I HAD LUNCH AT 11:00.
YEAH, BABY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
MAKING CHOCOLATE MILK.
YOU WANT SOME?
NO THANKS. I'M 29.
OH, MY GOD,
I'VE GOT TO GO TO WORK.
WHAT TIME DO YOU
THINK YOU'RE GOING
TO GET OFF TONIGHT?
HONEY, IT COULD BE
REALLY LATE.
OH, NOT AGAIN.
I KNOW. I'M SORRY.
I'LL MAKE A DEAL
WITH YOU, OKAY?
FOR EVERY NIGHT
THAT YOU'RE ASLEEP
BEFORE I GET HOME
I WILL WAKE YOU UP
IN A WAY
THAT HAS PROVED
VERY POPULAR IN THE PAST.
WELL, NOW IF YOU NEED
TO STAY LATE
I WANT TO BE
SUPPORTIVE OF THAT.
HI.
HEY.
LOOK AT YOU.
SINCE WHEN DO YOU ROLLERBLADE?
OH, SINCE TOMORROW.
I MET THIS REALLY CUTE GUY
IN THE PARK.
AND HE LIKE, YOU KNOW,
JOGS AND BLADES AND SWIMS
AND SO WE MADE A DEAL.
HE'S GOING TO TEACH ME HOW
TO DO ALL SORTS OF JOCK STUFF.
AND WHAT ARE YOU GOING
TO DO FOR HIM?
I'M GOING TO LET HIM.
MORNING.
HEY, SOMEBODY GOT IN
LATE LAST NIGHT.
WELL,
I RAN INTO RICHARD.
WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN?
OH, AROUND 8:02.
WE, UH, TALKED
FOR A LITTLE WHILE
AND THEN WE WENT OUT FOR
AN INNOCENT BURGER.
OH, THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS AN INNOCENT BURGER.
ARE YOU GOING
TO SEE HIM AGAIN?
TOMORROW NIGHT.
MONICA,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WELL, SHE SPENT
THE LAST SIX MONTHS
GETTING OVER HIM.
AND NOW SHE'S
CELEBRATING THAT
BY GOING ON
A DATE WITH HIM.
IT'S NOT A DATE, OKAY?
I'M JUST GOING TO TEACH HIM
HOW TO MAKE A LASAGNA
FOR SOME POTLUCK
DINNER HE HAS.
YOU MIGHT WANT TO MAKE
A LITTLE EXTRA
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
YOU'LL PROBABLY BE HUNGRY
AFTER THE SEX.
WE'RE NOT GOING
TO HAVE SEX.
NOTHING'S CHANGED HERE.
HE STILL DOESN'T
WANT CHILDREN
AND I STILL DO.
THAT'S WHY WE'RE
GOING TO JUST BE FRIENDS.
NAKED FRIENDS.
DO YOU HAVE ANY ICE?
CHECK THE FREEZER.
IF THERE'S NONE IN THERE,
WE'RE PROBABLY OUT.
ARE YOU JUST GETTING HOME
FROM WORK?
IT'S LATE.
YEAH, I KNOW.
I HAD THE GREATEST
DAY THOUGH.
I GOT TO SIT IN
ON A MEETING
WITH THE REPS
FROM CALVIN KLEIN.
I TOLD MY BOSS I LIKED
THIS LINE OF LINGERIE.
SHE ORDERED A TON OF IT.
HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
I DISCOVERED I'M ABLE
TO COUNT ALL MY TEETH
USING MUST MY TONGUE.
HMM.
UM, WHY DO YOU HAVE A COPY
OF THE SHINING IN YOUR FREEZER?
OH, I WAS READING IT
LAST NIGHT
AND I GOT SCARED, SO...
BUT YOU'RE SAFE FROM IT
IF IT'S IN THE FREEZER?
WELL, SAFER.
YOU KNOW, I NEVER
START READING THE SHINING
WITHOUT MAKING SURE
WE'VE GOT PLENTY OF ROOM
IN THE FREEZER.
HOW OFTEN DO YOU READ IT?
HAVEN'T YOU EVER READ
A BOOK OVER AND OVER AGAIN?
I GUESS I READ
LITTLE WOMEN
MORE THAN ONCE.
BUT IT'S A CLASSIC.
WHAT'S SO GREAT
ABOUT THE SHINING?
THE QUESTION SHOULD BE, RACH
WHAT IS NOT SO GREAT
ABOUT THE SHINING?
OKAY?
AND THE ANSWER WOULD BE
NOTHING.
ALL RIGHT?
THIS IS LIKE
THE SCARIEST BOOK EVER.
I BET IT'S WAY BETTER
THAN THAT "CLASSIC" OF YOURS.
OKAY.
WELL, WE'LL JUST SEE
ABOUT THAT, OKAY?
I WILL READ THE SHINING
AND YOU WILL READ
LITTLE WOMEN.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GOT IT.
ALL RIGHT?
OKAY.
NOW, RACH, THESE
LITTLE WOMEN...
YEAH?
HOW LITTLE ARE THEY?
I MEAN, ARE THEY LIKE
SCARY LITTLE?
UM, CHANDLER, ROSS,
THIS IS ROBERT.
OH, HEY.
HEY.
YOU HAVE LIPSTICK
RIGHT HERE.
THAT'S OKAY, IT'S MINE.
WE JUST KISSED.
OH.
SO ISN'T IT
A BIT COLD OUT
FOR SHORTS?
WELL, I'M FROM
CALIFORNIA.
RIGHT, RIGHT,
SOMETIMES YOU GUYS
JUST BURST INTO FLAME.
I'M UP...
I'M UP.
I'VE GOTTEN UP NOW.
ANYBODY WANT ANYTHING?
I'LL HAVE COFFEE.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
Ross:
MAKE THAT THREE.
OKAY, ROSS
WHY DON'T YOU
COME WITH ME?
OKAY.
WHAT IS THE MATTER WITH YOU?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
ROBERT'S COMING OUT.
WHAT... WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT, IS HE GAY?
NO, HE...
HE'S COMING OUT
OF HIS SHORTS.
WHAT?
THE MAN IS SHOWING BRAIN.
ARE YOU SURE?
HOLD ON.
I'M SORRY, YOU GUYS,
THAT WAS A COFFEE AND A...?
COFFEE.
WE COULD WRITE
IT DOWN FOR YOU.
NO, THAT WON'T
BE, UH... WON'T
BE NECESSARY.
( laughs )
WELL?
YEP, YEP, YEP.
WHAT DO WE DO?
WELL, I SUPPOSE
WE JUST TRY TO NOT
LOOK DIRECTLY AT IT.
LIKE AN ECLIPSE.
SO WHEN PEOPLE COMPLIMENT ME
ON MY COOKING TONIGHT
WHAT DO I SAY?
YOU SAY, "THANK YOU
VERY MUCH."
AND THEN YOU BUY ME
SOMETHING PRETTY.
COME ON, WE'RE GOING
TO PUT OUR HANDS IN THIS BOWL
AND WE'RE GOING TO START
SQUISHING THE TOMATOES.
OH, THIS FEELS
VERY WEIRD.
YOU TOUCH PEOPLE'S
EYEBALLS EVERY DAY
AND THIS FEELS WEIRD?
SURE, I TOUCH THEM
BUT I SPENT YEARS LEARNING
NOT TO SQUISH THEM.
THAT'S MY HAND.
OH.
OKAY.
GOT TO KEEP SQUISHING.
THE TOMATOES
ARE SQUISHING.
OH.
OH, GOSH
YOU GOT SOME
ON YOUR SHIRT.
HOLD ON A SEC.
OKAY, WE JUST PUT
A LITTLE CLUB SODA ON IT.
IF WE GET TO IT
RIGHT AWAY
IT SHOULD... DO...
THE TRICK.
WHAT?
UM, YOU'VE GOT SOME
ON YOUR PANTS.
I'LL JUST THROW THEM OUT.
THESE LITTLE WOMEN.
WOW!
YOU'RE LIKING IT, HUH?
OH, YEAH.
AMY JUST BURNED JO's MANUSCRIPT.
I DON'T SEE HOW
HE COULD EVER FORGIVE HER.
UM, JO's A GIRL.
IT'S SHORT FOR JOSEPHINE.
BUT JO's GOT A CRUSH
ON LAURIE.
OH.
YOU MEAN IT'S LIKE
A GIRL-GIRL THING?
'CAUSE THAT IS THE ONE THING
MISSING FROM THE SHINING.
NO, ACTUALLY, LAURIE'S A BOY.
NO WONDER RACHEL HAD
TO READ THIS SO MANY TIMES.
HEY.
HEY, HOW'D
THE BASKETBALL GO?
OH, OKAY, I LEARNED
HOW TO SHOOT A LAY-UP
A FOUL SHOT
AND A 23 POINTER.
YOU MEAN A THREE POINTER?
I GET MORE BECAUSE
I'M DAINTY.
IS THERE A PHONE HERE
I CAN CHECK MY MESSAGES?
YEAH, IN THE BACK.
DO YOU WANT A QUARTER?
OH, NO, THANKS.
I ALWAYS CARRY ONE
IN MY SOCK.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GET BACK OVER
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE...
HELLO!
HI. I'M JOEY.
WE HAVEN'T MET.
GOOD TO MEET YOU.
ROBERT.
OKAY...
( laughing )
WHAT?
WHAT? YOU GUYS?
WHAT IS GOING ON?
DO YOU NOT LIKE ROBERT?
WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING?
CALM DOWN.
THERE'S NO REASON TO GET TESTY.
( loud laughing )
YOU GUYS, COME ON.
WE'RE SORRY.
IT JUST SEEMS THAT ROBERT
ISN'T AS CONCEALED
IN THE SHORTS AREA
AS UH, ONE MAY HAVE HOPED.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
HEY.
UH, ROBERT,
COULD YOU, UH...
UH, PASS ME
THOSE COOKIES?
SURE.
( gasps )
SO HOW DID THE LASAGNA GO OVER?
REALLY?
GOOD.
SO YOU OWE ME
THREE PRETTY THINGS.
YEAH. I'VE BEEN THINKING A LOT
ABOUT YOU, TOO.
I KNOW.
IT'S HARD THIS PLATONOMY THING.
IT'S A WORD.
( knocking )
YEAH.
I DO THINK IT'S BETTER THIS WAY.
YEAH, WE'RE BEING SMART.
YES, I'M SURE.
YOU'RE REALLY SURE?
I'LL CALL YOU BACK.
SO WE CAN BE FRIENDS
WHO SLEEP TOGETHER.
ABSOLUTELY.
THIS WILL JUST BE
SOMETHING WE DO
LIKE... RACQUETBALL.
YEAH. SOUNDS SMART
AND HEALTHY TO ME.
SO, UM... JUST OUT
OF, UH, CURIOSITY
UM, DO YOU CURRENTLY
HAVE ANY OTHER
RACQUETBALL BUDDIES?
JUST YOUR DAD.
ALTHOUGH THAT'S
ACTUALLY RACQUETBALL.
YOU KNOW, I-I DO HAVE...
A BLIND DATE
WITH MY SISTER'S NEIGHBOR
NEXT... TUESDAY.
OH.
YOU WANT ME
TO CANCEL IT?
NO.
( chuckles )
YEAH.
'CAUSE IF YOU DID
THAT MEANS YOU'D BE
CANCELING FOR ME...
AND WE'RE JUST FRIENDS.
EXACTLY.
HEY.
OH, DON'T SIT DOWN.
READY TO GO TO
THE BATTING CAGE?
YEAH, YOU BET,
AND FIRST, HERE'S A GIFT.
OH.
WOW!
HEY...
STRETCHY PANTS!
WELL, THOSE ARE THE GREATEST
THINGS IN THE WORLD.
IF I WERE YOU, I'D WEAR THEM
EVERY DAY, EVERY DAY.
GEEZ, THANK YOU.
REALLY, THAT'S SO NICE
BUT, UM, TO BE HONEST
I DON'T THINK
I CAN WEAR THESE--
THEY'RE SO TIGHT.
I'D FEEL LIKE
I'M ON DISPLAY.
I'M SORRY.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
I'LL... FIGURE...
TAKE CARE.
HEY!
( chuckling ):
HI.
HOW'S IT GOING?
HEY, RACH...
GOOD.
HOW ARE YOU DOING
WITH THE SHINING?
OH, DANNY JUST WENT
INTO ROOM 217.
OOH... THE NEXT PART'S THE BEST
WHEN THAT DEAD LADY
IN THE BATHTUB...
OH, NO, NO, NO! COME ON,
YOU'RE GOING TO RUIN IT.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL TALK
IN CODE.
REMEMBER...
WHEN THE KID SEES
THAT BLANK IN THE HALLWAY?
OOH...
YEAH. THAT'S VERY COOL.
OH! ALL BLANK
AND NO BLANK
MAKES BLANK
A BLANK BLANK.
NO, THE END-- WHEN JACK ALMOST
KILLS THEM ALL WITH THAT BLANK
BUT THEN IN THE LAST SECOND,
THEY GET AWAY.
OH! OH, OH!
JOEY, I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU JUST DID THAT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
SHE CRACKED YOUR CODE.
ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
LAURIE PROPOSES TO JOE,
AND SHE SAYS NO
EVEN THOUGH SHE'S STILL
IN LOVE WITH HIM
AND THEN HE ENDS UP
MARRYING AMY.
HEY!
MINE WAS BY ACCIDENT!
ALL RIGHT. THE BOILER EXPLODES
AND DESTROYS THE HOTEL
AND KILLS THE DAD.
( gasps )
BETH DIES.
BETH...
BETH DIES?
MM-HMM.
IS THAT TRUE?
IF I KEEP READING,
IS BETH GOING TO DIE?
NO, BETH DOESN'T DIE.
SHE DOESN'T DIE.
DOES SHE, RACHEL?
WHAT?!
JOEY'S ASKING IF
YOU'VE JUST RUINED
THE FIRST BOOK
HE'S EVER LOVED
THAT DIDN'T STAR
JACK NICHOLSON.
NO.
SHE DOESN'T DIE.
THEN WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?
BECAUSE...
I WANTED TO HURT YOU.
OH, THERE THEY ARE.
I-I DROPPED MY KEYS.
( gasps )
OH, MY!
GOT THEM.
HI.
AAH!
SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
YOU WOULD NOT
BELIEVE MY DAY.
I HAD TO WORK TWO SHIFTS
AND THEN TO TOP IT OFF
I LOST ONE OF MY FAKE BOOBS...
IN A GRILL FIRE.
WHAT ARE YOU
SMILING AT?
I WAS JUST THINKING
YOUR DAY COULD STILL PICK UP.
YEAH, RIGHT.
HELLO.
I LOVE THIS FRIEND THING!
LISTEN, ROBERT'S GOING
TO BE HERE ANY SECOND.
SO, COULD ONE OF YOU
JUST TELL HIM?
PLEASE.
RIGHT NOW...
( groans )
EVERY TIME I SEE HIM
IT'S LIKE, "IS IT
ON THE LOOSE?
IS IT WATCHING ME?"
LOOK, WE CAN'T
TELL HIM.
YOU CAN'T GO UP
TO A GUY YOU BARELY KNOW
AND TALK ABOUT HIS...
STUFF.
HE'S RIGHT--
EVEN IF IT'S TO SAY
SOMETHING COMPLIMENTARY.
HEY.
SO, YOU READY
FOR THE GYM?
THEY GOT THIS
NEW ROCK-CLIMBING WALL.
WE CAN SPOT EACH OTHER.
YOU KNOW, I CAN
SPOT YOU FROM HERE.
WHAT?
OKAY.
LISTEN, ROBERT...
HEY, DON'T WE HAVE TO...?
YEAH, WE GOT...
YEAH, MM-HMM.
UM...
( sighs )
I THINK YOU'RE REALLY,
REALLY GREAT.
OH, GOD.
HERE WE GO AGAIN.
WHY DOES THIS
KEEP HAPPENING TO ME?
IS IT SOMETHING
I'M PUTTING OUT THERE?
IS THIS MY FAULT?
OR AM I JUST NUTS?
I... I-I-I-I DON'T KNOW...
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
HEY, BUDDY, THIS
IS A FAMILY PLACE.
PUT THE MOUSE
BACK IN THE HOUSE.
OH...
( door opens )
Richard:
REALLY?
IT'S JUST LIKE EVERYONE
ELSE'S APARTMENT.
IT'S GOT ROOMS AND
WALLS AND CEILINGS.
Woman:
I WANTED TO SEE
WHERE YOU LIVE.
GIVE ME THE TOUR.
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD!
THIS IS THE
LIVING ROOM...
THAT'S NICE.
ALL RIGHT.
AND THIS IS
THE KITCHEN.
THAT'S REAL PRETTY.
WAIT A MINUTE.
DON'T I GET TO
SEE THE BEDROOM?
THE BEDROOM...
( chuckles )
OH, IT'S PRETTY MUCH
YOUR TYPICAL...
BEDROOM.
( laughs )
WE'RE STILL ON THIS
SIDE OF THE DOOR.
MM-HMM.
YEAH, BUT I DIDN'T
GET TO SEE IT.
OH, SHOOT.
MAYBE NEXT TIME.
( yawns )
THANKS FOR
A LOVELY EVENING.
SO, UM, WHO IS SHE?
OH. THAT WAS THE BLIND DATE
THAT I TOLD YOU ABOUT.
SHE CALLED AND SWITCHED IT
FROM TUESDAY.
OH.
DID YOU LIKE HER?
AND I'M JUST
ASKING AS A FRIEND
BECAUSE I AM
TOTALLY FINE WITH THIS.
WELL, YOU SEEM FINE.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I-I'M NOT FINE.
I'M NOT.
HOW CAN I BE FINE?
HEARING YOU
COME IN WITH HER...
SHE WANTS TO SEE YOUR BEDROOM...
( sighs )
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT IF WE'RE FRIENDS...
WHO DON'T SEE
OTHER PEOPLE?
YOU MEAN, LIKE
EXCLUSIVE FRIENDS?
WHY NOT? HMM?
I MEAN, THIS HAS BEEN
THE MOST AMAZING WEEK.
I MEAN, WOULD IT
BE SO TERRIBLE?
EVEN IF WE WERE FRIENDS WHO...
WHO LIVED TOGETHER.
OR... MAYBE SOMEDAY
FRIENDS WHO...
WHO STOOD UP IN FRONT
OF THEIR OTHER FRIENDS
AND VOWED TO BE
FRIENDS FOREVER.
WOW.
DO YOU KNOW WE'RE
BACK WHERE WE WERE?
HONEY, I WOULD LOVE
TO DO ALL THAT
BUT NOTHING'S CHANGED.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
YOU DON'T HAVE A MOUSTACHE.
( chuckles )
OKAY, OKAY.
ONE THING'S CHANGED.
BUT WE STILL WANT
DIFFERENT THINGS
AND WE KNOW HOW
THIS IS GOING TO END.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I GOT TO WALK OUT
OF HERE RIGHT NOW...
'CAUSE GETTING OVER YOU
IS THE HARDEST THING
THAT I HAVE EVER HAD TO DO.
UM... I DON'T THINK
I COULD DO IT AGAIN.
I KNOW I COULDN'T.
YEAH.
SO...
HOW ABOUT ONE LAST GAME
OF RACQUETBALL, HMM?
WATCH THE THORNS.
OW!
WHAT?
BETH IS REALLY, REALLY SICK.
OH...
OH, OH...
JO'S THERE...
BUT I DON'T THINK
THERE'S ANYTHING SHE CAN DO.
OH...
JOEY?
YEAH?
YOU WANT TO PUT THE BOOK
IN THE FREEZER?
OKAY.
Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]